add terms and conditions (#2724)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/templates/forms.mdx

Never force the user to wait for post-submission processing to complete before they can continue using an application.

> ### Terms and Conditions

Reviewer: We need to add this to the forms sections in the template structure file.

> Users must actively check a box next to a statement that shows they're agreed to the Terms and Conditions when signing up for an account, and the legal agreement is a simple link in the text for easy access and quick reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users must actively check a box next to a statement that shows they have agreed to the Terms and Conditions when signing up for an account. For easy access and quick reference, the legal agreement is a simple link in the text.
```
